---
title: WPD:Community/Meetings/General/2014/0819 raw mtg notes
---
<h1><span class="mw-headline" id="2014-08-19_Community_meeting">2014-08-19 Community meeting</span></h1>
<ul><li> Chair: shepazu</li>
<li> On the phone call: Dave Gash, Eliot, Jen</li>
<li> On IRC: Eliezerb</li>
<li> scribe: RenoirB</li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="AGENDA">AGENDA</span></h2>
<ul><li> HTML5 Section</li>
<li> Readiness markers bugs</li>
<li> Stability and system update</li>
<li> Issue tracker progress</li>
<li> Planning HTML5 Documentation sprints</li></ul>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="TOPIC:_HTML5_section">TOPIC: HTML5 section</span></h3>
<p>... to make a joint announcement of W3C HTML5 publication, WPD 2nd anniversary and WPD HTML5 Documentation rollout
</p><p>shepazu: We are to announce W3C’s HTML5 recommendation status
</p><p>... we got some people who are going to be wo rking on HTML such as Pearl and others
</p><p>... it might be a good idea if we try to have a concerted effort toward HTML until October 28 (ish) so we can 
announce our pages in the same time as the W3C spec announcement
</p><p>Jen [agrees]
</p><p>... can you, Jen, work with Pearl to work toward that goal
</p><p>... Is there somebody else work on t  hat matter
</p><p>... maybe we should start up in september our next WPW focussing on HTML. At least 3 or 4 WPW
</p><p>Eliot squeals with delight at WPW coming back!!!!!!!
</p><p>shepazu  &#160;: Should we resume WPW on first week of september?
</p><p>Eliot [agrees]
</p><p>Eliot: Sounds like a good blog post. Who is volunteering to write it up
</p><p><i>ACTION</i> Shepazu to write the comeback of WPW blog post
</p><p><br />
</p>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="TOPIC:_Readiness_markers_bugs">TOPIC: Readiness markers bugs</span></h3>
<p>Jen: Can we talk about the Readiness markers? Is there volunteers to improve CSS for the flags to make them better.
</p><p>... We rolled them out but the quality needs to be improved as it was more of a Prototype and 
</p><p>... we should make sure it displays better.
</p><p>... We got issue reports about the marker to be flashing on Google Chrome, and in some mobile context to block the view. 
</p><p>... Maybe somebody with more experience in CSS could tackle this 
</p><p>shepazu [agrees]
</p><p><i>ACTION</i> Jen to write an email to ask the community to work on the CSS readiness flag visual component
</p><p>shepazu: is there anything else about HTML  or the readiness markers bugs?
</p><p>... or anything w e should take into account for the 18th W3C announcement about HTML5
</p><p>... 28th of October's annoucement that is
</p>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="TOPIC:_Stability_and_system_update">TOPIC: Stability and system update</span></h3>
<p>renoirb: In order to improve the stability, I have to undertake upgrade of a few web applications that are 
</p><p><br />
... older than a year and haven’t been upgraded. It includes database server, Operating server versions, MediaWiki, BugGenie, etc.
</p><p>... I have things going on in that direction, nothing is ready yet.
</p><p>... Since I got to a "feature complete" state with the SSO and Compatibility tables, 
</p><p>... I should now focus on tidying up the code while upgrading the underlying softwares.
</p><p>... That’s where I’m going to focus in the next days
</p><p><br />
</p>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="TOPIC:_Issue_tracker_progress">TOPIC: Issue tracker progress</span></h3>
<p>shepazu: Amelia or Jen, do you want to update on the issue tracker progress?
</p><p>Jen: I can talk about it. We should set some time to talk about it in a separate meeting sometime next week.
</p><p><i>ACTION</i> Jen to plan a meeting on the project progress
</p><p><br />
</p>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="TOPIC:_Doug.E2.80.99s_trip_to_London_for_SVG_WG_and_Conference">TOPIC: Doug’s trip to London for SVG WG and Conference</span></h3>
<p>shepazu: We need a chair for the next 2-3 meetings, I’ll be back after labor day
</p><p>... any volunteer for chairing [silence]
</p><p>... let me make a vote: All who wants to hav  e no meeting to say nay
</p><p>renoirb: Nay
</p><p>shepazu: is there anything else we should focus on? [silence]
</p><p>Eliot: Paul are we to do something about the 2nd anniversary of WebPlatformDocs
</p>
<h3><span class="mw-headline" id="TOPIC:_Planning_HTML5_Documentation_sprints">TOPIC: Planning HTML5 Documentation sprints</span></h3>
<p>shepazu: how about we m  ake a joint announcement of the three:  
</p>
<ul><li> W3C HTML5 announcement</li>
<li> WebPlatformDocs 2nd anniversary</li>
<li> HTML documentation status</li></ul>
<p>Dave: Eliot and me we discussed recently. Give  n that Rob^_^ (a contributor who is taking care of that particular section in the <a href="/wiki/WPD:Projects/QASprints/2014-june" title="WPD:Projects/QASprints/2014-june">WPD:Projects/QASprints/2014-june</a> QA sprint) to work (Rob and Dave) to focus on the pages.
</p><p>... i’m looking a t about 5w of work for completion on the pages.
</p><p>shepazu: Maybe Dave you could prioritize the HTML pages?
</p><p><i>ACTION</i> Have Dave assess the work required to improve noticably the quality of the HTML pages for the joint event.
</p><p>shepazu: anything else?
</p><p>[adjourned]
</p>
<!-- Saved in parser cache with key wpwiki:pcache:idhash:30306-0!*!0!!*!*!*!esi=1 and timestamp 20150731185540 and revision id 68292
 -->
