=Community Development=

This is the Community Development Task Force meeting page.

See [[WPD:Community/Task_Force/Community|Community Development]] task force page.

'''Time:''' TBD 

'''Zakim Bridge:''' +1.617.761.6200

'''Conference code:''' 3627 ("DOCS") 

'''VOIP:'''  sip:zakim@w3.org

'''IRC Channel:''' webplatform-site
[irc://irc.freenode.net/webplatform-site irc]
[http://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=#webplatform-site webchat]

==Tuesday, April 23, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT==

===Agenda===

* Progress on university outreach.
* Doc sprints, tabled items from previous meeting.

==Tuesday, April 16, 2013 at 10:00 a.m. PDT / 1:00 p.m. EDT / 5:00 p.m. GMT==

===Agenda===
* Establish an irregular meeting time (lack of agenda cancels)
* Doc Sprints - plan for up-coming events:
** OpenHelp?
** OS Con?
** East Coast US?
** Amsterdam?
* Populate public-webplaform-news
** [[WPD:Projects/Communications/Universities|Universities]]
* Further planning

===Notes===
At today's meeting of the Community Development task force, we had the following.

====Agenda====
* Establish an irregular meeting time.
* Develop a plan for university outreach and communication.
* Decide when/where to hold up-coming doc sprints.

====Actions====

=====Meeting time=====
* Resolved: the meeting's appointed time shall remain Tuesdays via Zakim at 10:00 Pacific Time, to be held only if there is an agenda.
* Doug (shepazu): confirm the Zakim reservation and reestablish the conference code, 3627 for these meetings.

=====University outreach=====
* Julee to contact Alex (jkomoros) about potential internship funding and availability.
* Julee to create internal spreadsheet listing contacts, their address and particulars.
* All to fill in the spreadsheet with contacts - having done the legwork to sign them up.
* Doug (shepazu) to contact W3C member universities.
* Julee to edit student recruitment message [1] with more detail about internships and specific tasks/projects for recruits.

=====Doc Sprints=====
* Resolved: Holding a doc sprint at OpenHelp would be contingent upon Mozilla also holding a doc sprint. Not likely.
* Tabled: Doc sprint at OSCon, July in Portland, OR.
* Tabled: Doc sprint to coincide with Internet Week New York [2].
* Tabled: Doc sprint in North Carolina.
* Tabled: Doc sprint in New York or Boston area late summer.
* Scott: To work with Peter to identify conferences to target for New York/Boston late summer.
* Tabled: Doc sprint in Amsterdam, with Frontiers conference in October.

=====Next meeting=====
We'll hold another meeting next week to discuss progress on actions and tabled items.

====Minutes====
10:10 AM — julee present
10:12 AM <scottrowe_> present
10:12 AM — jswisher is present
10:12 AM <shepazu> present
10:12 AM <waiseto> present
10:12 AM → Ryan_Lane joined (~Ryan_Lane@wikimedia/Ryan-lane)
10:13 AM <scottrowe_> first decision: we'll keep this time and bridge
10:13 AM <scottrowe_> Doug will make sure that the old conference number, 3627 is valid
10:15 AM <scottrowe_> http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Projects/Communications/Universities
10:17 AM <scottrowe_> University outreach: Julee edited the above
10:18 AM <scottrowe_> jkomoros mentioned that there may be internship money available.
10:23 AM <scottrowe_> AI: Julee to confirm with Doug, Alex that we have a program in place before we advertise it in public-webplatform-news.
10:23 AM <scottrowe_> It may be a Google Summer of Code or like program.
10:24 AM → jay_ joined (57bd77b9@gateway/web/freenode/ip.87.189.119.185)
10:25 AM <scottrowe_> jswisher: Summer of Code excludes documentation work
10:32 AM <scottrowe_> AI: Wei to send note to Web Education group of W3C, requesting subscriptions to public-webplatform-news, with the body of Julee's Universities note.
10:43 AM <scottrowe_> AI: Julee to create an internal (not shared publicly) spreadsheet of addresses.
10:46 AM <scottrowe_> AI: All to contribute recruits to the spreadsheet.
10:46 AM <julee> W3C university members
10:46 AM <scottrowe_> AI: shepazu to contact Universities that are members of W3C
10:46 AM <waiseto> http://www.w3.org/Consortium/Member/List :)
10:47 AM <scottrowe_> jswisher: English writing programs, technical communication, engineering.
10:50 AM <scottrowe_> next topic, doc sprints
10:50 AM <scottrowe_> shepazu: would like to know who can help with an east coast doc sprint
10:51 AM <scottrowe_> julee: question on the suitability of OpenHelp
10:52 AM <scottrowe_> jswisher: OpenHelp does not attract a lot of web developers
10:52 AM <scottrowe_> shepazu: we would need to reruit our own attendees
10:56 AM <scottrowe_> shepazu: attending with Mozilla would build ties between us and Moz
10:56 AM <scottrowe_> shepazu: might be an opportunity to build content on both sites
10:58 AM <julee> https://www.internetweekny.com/
11:01 AM <julee> http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Community/Community_Events
11:01 AM <scottrowe_> resolved: Doc Sprint at OpenHelp contingent upon Mozilla's participation.
11:02 AM <scottrowe_> Meeting adjourned

[1] http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Projects/Communications/Universities
[2] https://www.internetweekny.com/