---
title: WPD:Meetings
uri: 'WPD:Meetings'

---
Web Platform community meetings occur every week on [Tuesdays, 18:00 UTC / 13:00 ET / 10:00 PT](http://everytimezone.com/#2014-2-25,1800).

**Note**: [Content programming meeting](http://docs.webplatform.org/wiki/WPD:Community/Meetings/Content) are currently where we're convening.

**The rest of this information is out-of-date and maintained for archival purposes only.** Agendas and minutes for current meetings are distributed via the [webplatform email list](http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webplatform/).

## <span>Agenda 4 December 2012</span>

-   Welcome

-   Review of open action items

    1.  ACTION, Alex K: Implement attributes/actions stuff (carried over)

    2.  ACTION, Doug S: Write up proposal for usage of data from caniuse, quirks mode, etc. on Wiki, and send link to list (carried over)

    3.  ACTION: Paul I: Do further investigation into feasibility of markdown tool (carried over)

    4.  ACTION, Doug S: Write up guide on how to do translations by hand (carried over)

    5.  ACTION, Peter L: Follow up with evangelization of WPD docsprint at Google (carried over)

    6.  ACTION, Peter L: Write blog posts about next doc sprint on Dec 12th in Mountain View, continue organization for this

    7.  ACTION, Doug S: Set Peter up with permissions to write blog post on Webplatform.org

    8.  ACTION, all: Make our internal company teams aware of the doc sprint, and get interested parties to sign up and contribute

    9.  ACTION, Doug S: Approach Event Apart/Web directions folks about doing WPD doc sprints to tie into their events. (carried over, Doug has already started a conversation with John Allsopp, AEA folks still to be approached)

    10. ACTION, Doug S: Make more progress towards hosting Webplatform skin on GitHub (carried over, Doug has made progess on this, but needs to confer with Alex about best way to do this; Fr0zenice has looked at some of this stuff as well, in terms of what he wants to help with)

    11. ACTION, Doug S: Post a proposal to the list about best solution for duplicate title problem (carried over: progress made, plugin worked on, but Doug needs to wait for Ryan to get back off vacation to check that this will work)

    12. ACTION, Peter L: Create Sprint in a Box package for docsprints (carried over: Still needs to be finished, but progress has been made, Andre from Adobe helped him out)

    13. ACTION, Garbee: Continue working on solution for issue/bug tracking, as we really need a better way to do this.

    14. ACTION, Julee: Send around mail about Wednesday Content TF meeting, and send around Doodle poll to agree on better time for Content TF meetings DONE

    15. ACTION, Chris M: Work on milestones and roles for upcoming important tasks - make wiki page, then list 10 or so milestones that we really need to do; also encourage others to add their own. Things to definitely put on there - session handling issues, recruiting specific content contributors (to work on CSS, JS, etc.), dealing with spam

    16. ACTION, Doug S: Send summary to mailing list of everything he can find to do with statistics

-   Content Task Force summary

-   How to deal with spam content

-   What other root topic pages we want to link from the [Main Page](/Main_Page). We already have concepts, html, css, javascript, accessibility, svg. But we should probably have [dom](/dom) as a top level root page as well.

-   Updating main page and template. Chris has a few things he'd like to do that require this, but he just don't have the power.

-   AOB

## <span>Agenda 27 November 2012</span>

-   Welcome
-   Triage of new bugs
-   Review of open action items
-   Content Task Force summary
    -   Next steps with Content Task Force
-   Issue / bug tracking
-   Defining roles and milestones
-   Discuss the DocSprint being held on the 12th of December.
-   Anything else brought up during the conference.
