---
title: WPD:Community/Meetings/General/2014/0708 raw mtg notes
---
<h1><span class="mw-headline" id="2014-07-08_Community_Meeting">2014-07-08 Community Meeting</span></h1>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Presents">Presents</span></h2>
<ul><li> Amelia</li>
<li> Doug</li>
<li> Eliot</li>
<li> Jen</li>
<li> Julee</li>
<li> Renoir (scribe)</li></ul>
<h2><span class="mw-headline" id="Minutes">Minutes</span></h2>
<p>eliot: AmeliaBR: Quick recap of where we're are.
</p><p>Amelia: Accepted proposal to be leading topic of QASprint/2014-july
</p><p>... we are not quite at 50% still lots to go
</p><p>... good progress though
</p><p>Doug: (mea cupla) had multiple travel and couldn’t do much
</p><p>... hopefully will do more next week
</p><p>... and double efforts
</p><p>... julee said in an email that she also
</p><p>(Jen chiming-in about being also late)
</p><p>(There will be at least 3 people in a NewWave)
</p><p>... maybe we could setup time
</p><p>ALL: Agreeing to setup work sprint for a few on Thursday Afternoon PT
</p><p>... subscribers: Julee, Shepazu
</p><p>Amalia: Or just start working whenever we can and just shout it out on the channel
</p><p>Dave: (Offered to work on Jen list starting from bottom)
</p><p>Amelia (resumes): I expect will have reports
</p><p>... i'm finding that sections i'm going through are mostly not ready. Occasional ones are though.
</p><p>... lots of little quirky things and guide to those
</p><p>... sent an email to help on the quirks
</p><p>... Link is there to help with those quirks <a rel="nofollow" class="external free" href="http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webplatform/2014Jul">http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-webplatform/2014Jul</a>
/0025.html
</p><p>... among issues we have multiple templates to address
</p><p>... if there are other areas to take care, we will have to make another sprint
</p><p>Jen: Thank you so much Amelia for this project
</p><p>eliot:   +1
</p><p>... if we can even get further to remove confusion, let’s remove all TEST: namespace and Meta:... or what 
we can do is to just move them completely out of the main wiki
</p><p>... maybe we just have this separate wiki but most importantly unclutter the docs
</p><p>renoirb: Agrees on Jen proposa
</p><p>shepazu: Maybe we should update/add tasks in the issue tracker for those
</p><p>Jen: (agrees)
</p><p>Amelia: Use the system we have and make it in manageable system
</p><p>... (agrees: Jen, Shepazu, Renoirb, Amelia)
</p><p>Julee: Maybe we should have some conventions (its a bit confusing)
</p><p>... maybe we should have some tagging.
</p><p>... also, maybe we should state the priorities and create issue tracker meetings
</p><p>shepazu agrees: "We gotta start somewhre"&#160;:)
</p><p>(Julee: Agrees, but there’s a lot and confusing, we still should have this categorization. Then will make 
it clera)
</p><p>shepazu: a big efforts makes me feel it will make it too big and no progress, lets’ find quick wins.  Do 
you have a proposal for that?
</p><p>Julee: I'll try to think of something
</p><p>(oops, forgot that detail)  proposed by Jen: How about create
</p><p>... a section in the wiki where we document those edge cases in a specific section (maybe at 
<a href="/wiki/WPD:Projects/QASprints" title="WPD:Projects/QASprints">WPD:Projects/QASprints</a>)
</p><p>(resuming to issue tracker)
</p><p>Amelia: I'm proposing that we make the next big push to clean the issue tracker
</p><p>Jen: Maybe we just can start using it (in sync to Shepazu's earlier proposal)
</p><p>... focussing on doing things
</p><p>shepazu: I think its a good compromise
</p><p>... we find a way to tag new issues
</p><p>... and then through meeting update issues about that
</p><p>... and use the issue tracker during Community meetings and update  
</p><p>... we should make it more central so we keep it in front of our eyes
</p><p>... i like to have issues in this instead of email
</p><p>Jen: i'm looking at it right now
</p><p>... enjoys this tool it "feels powerful"
</p><p>... (maybe its overkill)
</p><p>... maybe we should focus to pick a very basic
</p><p>... figure a way to make it way more simple
</p><p>Julee: The problem with a very simple tool creates a "blob"
</p><p>... if we do not have someone who prioritize the bugs, we do not have a focus to work on them
</p><p>... maybe we should spend time and remove "bells and whistle"
</p><p>... to make bug simpler and still function as a priorotizing system is possible. But the main thing is 
that someone have to commit on them
</p><p>... to keep it updated
</p><p>Shepazu: What /kind/ of people should we need on such a tag team
</p><p>Julee: A "project manager", and maybe two more including, at least, one technical person who can validate 
the issue
</p><p>Agrees: Renoir, Jen, Julee
</p><p>Julee: Would you like to join us Amelia
</p><p>... i'm very excited about this
</p><p>... we should just purge things and make it simple
</p><p>AmeliaBR:   Pinging Garbee if you're around:  Will you be able to help give people power to 
re-arrange/organize Bug Genie?
</p><p>AmeliaBR, your account in bug genie
</p><p>Garbee, no need to update amelia
</p><p>Also, I updated Eliot as an administrator
</p><p>shepazu: Just to add another aspect, Amelia correctly diagnosed an issue on the compatibility tables
</p><p>... renoir sent an email describing the issue and the planned work to resolve the problem
</p>
<!-- Saved in parser cache with key wpwiki:pcache:idhash:26289-0!*!0!!*!*!*!esi=1 and timestamp 20150731185431 and revision id 61653
 -->
